this couple is near perfect for me as
that couple is Alicia and Matt Ali who
are you going to put through to the
semi-final this person danced
beautifully we won
does beautifully tonight and I never
want to stop watching her dance
it's Alisha saves you at least your
Matthew that means you are through to
the semi-final now Bruno which couple
are you going to keep in Strictly Come
Dancing well it's incredibly hard
because I think they both really
excelled they both did great dances but
one couple has that extra Stardust that
extra magic and that couple is Alicia in
math
Len did you agree with the decision of
the other I did agree that did agree
Alicia and Matt amazing adventure doing
this job and I want to thank this man so
much for these patients is hard work all
the injuries I've caused in I mean it
luckily not true the Django next but a
few problems I think it has been
wonderful and what about your pant oh
you're going in Japan Joe yes I have to
pay for every now so that would be
nowhere in Ipswich what the little fairy
godmother yes oh that's what happens
when you get to 40 you don't get the
Jews later on